Now the business circles, academic circles have a growing demand for data processing, the data amount ranging from TB to PB and EB. How to efficiently store and query, the use of these data is a more practical problem. Many distributed KV storage systems like Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Redis, LevelDB, RocksDB, SogouQDB and other KV the database is proposed in recent years, computing resources can handle the number of TB and PB by using the powerful cluster data. However, unbalanced load, node synchronization cost, error recovery cost and other issues still in a distributed processing system challenges. Redis is a good design of in-memory high-performance KV server, LevelDB on disk high-performance Google KV database open source, RocksDB is Facebook according to the on-disk high-performance KV database with multi-threading to modify the properties of LevelDB, SogouQDB is the research and development of high performance on disk Sogou KV These excellent open source database, KV database, not only high efficiency, build the cluster also has great performance advantages. Maglev is a kind of load balancing algorithm, in the event of a single point of failure, the cluster also has good performance, the data loss rate is not high, but also have good performance on the long connection. Bloom Filter is implemented by a long binary vector and multiple random hash function, space efficiency and query time are far more than it can be moved. HyperLogLog algorithm calculates more than 109 of the total number of a set of algorithms with a standard error of 2% under the premise of MurMurHash3 is nonencrypted. A secure hash algorithm with random distribution characteristics for the strong regularity of KEY. We propose DezhouKV, structured data is abstracted into a tensor element distribution in several dimensional coordinates of the regular grid, A coordinates for tensor (L M, n), the element denoted Al, m, N. in DezhouKV space, the elements of A is represented by three vectors u, V, the volume of a cube formed by W oxyz in the Cartesian coordinates. The V is located in three-dimensional space domain (106105,10), which shows that in the random read-write speed DRAM is greater than SSD by an order of magnitude, while the SSD is better than HDD four orders of magnitude, the w domain (10103104), which shows that in general computer node DRAM and the capacity of the SSD configuration, SSD DRAM more than two orders of magnitude greater than HDD, and a number of SSD this is the frame level, this decision is impossible. In a node are not bound to the high cost of deployment of DRAM and SSD. in this way, we will be in 3D space where the structured data is mapped to the VW tensor, we abstract the convenient design. We evaluated the DezhouKV structured data storage of the real world results. Show that in general, the suitability of DezhouKV is to surpass the other KV databases. We find that DezhouKV is cost-efficient and easy to use.

 In summary, the contributions of this article are as follows: a High-speed short hash algorithm to calculate the mapping, Bloom Filter algorithm is used to reduce the access to HDD Filter media. A maglev algorithm is used to balance the load of nodes. Using multilayer data storage files to save records to sort the KEY across the domain, Using three tiers of partitions to support heterogeneous server deployment to support complex production environments, (6) the 128-bit address space is mapped to the space of -101010 / 0. 5 / 1010, and the Hash collision is solved by sliding method, that is, degenerate along the direction of IJK. HyperLogLog algorithm is used to calculate the number of elements in each domain.

  The other parts of the organization are as follows: section 2 introduces the motivation of this article Section 3 introduces the data model used in Section 4 introduces the processing process Section 5 introduces our evaluation environment Section 6-7 introduces the related work and conclusions.